		--------java source file--------
In java, we can create any no of classes but atmost one public class can be created in single file. 
If you are not using public modifier with these, the you can use any name to save this file. If you 
are using public modifier with any class, then this file can be saved with that class name only.

In java, you can create multiple classes and all those classes can contian "main" method. If there is 
no public modifier with any class, and multiple main methods are present in multiple classes, then you 
can save the file with any name. After executing program, a compiled file will be created for each class.
You can execute any one of these file by writing "java className". If we are executing a particular class 
after compilation, and that class contains main method, that class main method will be executed. 
If we are executing class without main method, we will get compile time error.

If there is main method and public class then main method should be in that public class.

// chk kro, 1 public class lo or 1 without public or 2no m main method lko, kia error ata h k ni

You can compile java file using "javac filename.java".

// Why we need to place each class in separate class?
It is how it has been designed and I am not sure if the reason is documented. But here is a good reason on 
why it is done that way. Let's assume we have two public classes Y & Z in a file named Y.java. Now, let's 
assume a different class X is using Z. Now, when we compile X, the compiler first tries to locate Z.class 
and if it cannot find it, then it tries to locate Z.java so that it can compile it automatically. But, since 
we only have Y.java, the class Z cannot be located and hence we get a compilation error. So, we do need to 
place them in separate files.

-------------------------------------------------------------
If you are using external libraries, you must import it or you can use fully qualified names.
  
1) Fully qualified names make our code hard to read ( If we need multiple references in our code, we have 
to type full path each time, boilerplate code). 
java.util.AL l = new java.util.AL();


---------------------------------
1) Explicit Import
import java.util.AL;
Only that file will be imported, this is optimised and recommended way to import files.

2) Implicit Import
import java.util.*
All files will be imported from java.util package. This is neither optimised way nor recommended. Since all
the files are imported, our code size will be large and readability will be down (By readability down, 
I mean confusion will be there. see below example.)

import com.hbl.*
import com.meezan.* 

Account a = new Account();
Loan l = new loan();

We are not sure which bank account will be created, and for which bank we are applying for loan. 
That's why explicit imports are highly recommended. Also, no IDE's generate implicit imports.

------------------------------
All classes and interfaces inside "java.lang" package are not require to import. Moreover, import statements 
are not required for classes present inside same working directory. They all are imported by default.

These are some classes present inside "java.lang" package: String, Thread, Exception, StringBuffer

For Example:

1) 
public class Test{
	public static void main(String[] args){
		String s = new String("Durga");
		Thread t = new Thread();
	}
} 


2) Create this and save inside same working directory.
class A{
	public static void m1(){
		Sytem.out.println(" Student class inside same directory ");
	}
} 

// In same working directory, inside another file, write this // and access the above class without importing it.


public class Test{
	public static void main(String[] args){
		// default import from java.lang package
		String s = new String("Durga");
		Thread t = new Thread();

		// inside same working directory
		A a = new A();
		a.m1();
	}
} 


-----------------------------
In java, pattern class is present insdie
	java -> util (package) -> regex (package) -> pattern (class)

Whenever we are importing a package, all classes or interfaces present in that package are available
except those which are present in subpackage/s. If we want to access subpackage level classes or interfaces,
we must write import statement until that subpackage level. Java compiler cannot import those itself.  
 
import java.util.regex.* 

-------------------------------------------------------------

Package is group of related classes, interfaces and/or subpackage/s. Package is an encapsulation mechanism 
in which related classes and interfaces are grouped inside single unit.
"java.sql" package contains all classes and interfaces which are meant for database operation. 
"java.io" package contains all classes and interfaces to work with i/o operations. 

For example, if a package name is university.engineering.csedept, then there are three directories-
university, engineering, and csedept such that csedept is present in engineering and engineering is 
present in university. The package university can be considered as a top-level package while engineering 
is a subpackage of university and cse dept is a sub-package of engineering.


What is the advantage of doing so?

1) Prevent naming conflicts.
	As we know two classes for "Date" are present in java. One is presnet inside "java.util" package and 
	another one inside "java.sql" package. If incase we didn't have the concept of "packages" in java, then
	it would been imposible to have two "Date" classes. Therefore, the biggest advantage is that it prevents
	 naming conflicts. 

2) Moularity improved.
	Since related classes and interfaces are grouped inside single unit or single package, we can achieve 
	modularity. We know which class we have to reference. There is no confusion at all.

3) Maintainability improved.
	Since we can achieve modularity, that's why our code becomes maintainable.

4) Security + Encapsulation + Information hiding. 
     	If we don't make our classes public, we cannot access it outside our package. Therefore it gives us 
		security.

5) Reusability
	Reuse the classes contained in the packages of other programs.


-----------------------------

1) Naming Package:
Use your organization url/domain in reverse (This is a trend), like
bank.hbl.com
com.hbl.bank (Reverse)

This package name is also syntactically valid:
package A;


2) Creating a package: package <packageName>;

package com.hbl.bank;
public class A{
	public static void main(){
		System.out.println("creating package");
	}
}


// If you run "javac A.java", this will only create compiled class not package, so for package type this "javac -d . A.java"
.(dot) represents current working directory. You can place any valid address here. When you run this 3 directories will be created if any directory doesn't exist already. These directories will be structured like
cwd -> com -> hbl -> bank -> A (class)

3) Executing 
	If you want to execute/run class "present" inside a package, you must use fully qualified name to compile it
java com.hbl.bank.A
Since this class is present inside bank directory, that's why we are using full name to execute it. Remember when we used -d, it was compiled, now no need to compile again. Also, if you are using IDE's you only need to run the program, so you don't play with console.

--------------------------------

In java program or java file at most 1 package is allowed. if you use more than one package, compiler will give error("class, interface or enum expected"). Remember I am not talking about importing a package. I am talking about creating a package:
package packageName; 

In java program the very first statement should be of creating package, after then you can use import statements.

True
package com.hbl.bank;
import java.util.ArrayList; 

False/Error
import java.util.ArrayList; 
package com.hbl.bank;

So the order is (Top to bottom)
Package statement 	(atmost 1)
import statement  	(any no)
class/interface/enum 	(any no)

		--------java source file--------





